Welcome Traws Green from Capstone: Retrieving, Processing, and Visualizing Data with Python

Mailing List Data - Part I

In this assignment you will download some of the mailing list data from http://mbox.dr-chuck.net/ and run the data cleaning / modeling process and take some screen shots. All screenshots should use the same data set.

Don't take off points for little mistakes. If they seem to have done the assignment give them full credit. Feel free to make suggestions if there are small mistakes. Please keep your comments positive and useful. The course staff will assign the last 30% of the grade and it make take a few days to get graded.

Please Upload Your Submission:

A screen shot of your SQLiteBrowser showing messages downloaded from mbox.dr-chuck.net into the content.sqlite database including all data fields and the bottom of sqlite browser. (Please use PNG or JPG files 1024KB max)

A screen shot of you running the gmodel.py application to produce the index.sqlite database. Please include the allsenders line at the beginning of the output. Please do not include code in the screenshot. (Please use PNG or JPG files 1024KB max)

A screen shot of your SQLiteBrowser showing messages in the index.sqlite database after the gmodel.py has executed including all data fields and the bottom of sqlite browser.. (Please use PNG or JPG files 1024KB max)

A screen shot of you running the gbasic.py program to compute basic histogram data on the messages you have retrieved. Please include the "How many to dump" and "Loaded messages" lines in the output. For a dump number, please use a number less than 25. Do not include code in the screenshot. (Please use PNG or JPG files 1024KB max)

Enter optional comments below



Make sure each uploaded image file is smaller than 1M. Total upload size limited to 2M

The total number of points for this assignment is 10. You will get up to 3 points from your instructor. Your peers will give you a grade from 0 - 4. You will get 1 for each peer assignment you assess. You need to grade a minimum of 3 peer assignments. You can grade up to 10 peer assignments if you like but grading extra assignment will not increase your score.
